New Entry: SwiftUI and Views (#1005)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/vstack/vstack.md

---
Title: 'VStack'

> Description: 'The VStack view creates vertically stacked elements, where elements lay in a top-to-down layout.'

Author: ```suggestion
Description: 'The VStack view is a layout container where elements, or subviews, are arranged in a vertical line (top-to-bottom).
'
```
